Update "Using the TCP Transport" Doc (#585)
wso2/docs-mi: en/docs/learn/examples/transport-examples/tcp-transport-examples.md

The following proxy service splits the message by a character. It receives a message with an empty body, which it will forward to the HTTP endpoint after enriching the body with the symbolic value "`IBM`".

=== "Proxy Service"
    ```xml
    <?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
    <proxy name="TCPProxy" startOnLoad="true" transports="tcp" xmlns="http://ws.apache.org/ns/synapse">
        <target>
            <inSequence>
                <property name="symbol" scope="default" type="STRING" value="IBM"/>

>                 <enrich description="">

Reviewer: empty description.

Author: by default when we create an enrich mediator it adds `description=""` even we didn't provide a description

```xml
<soapenv:Envelope xmlns:soapenv="http://schemas.xmlsoap.org/soap/envelope/"><soapenv:Header/><soapenv:Body/></soapenv:Envelope>|<soapenv:Envelope xmlns:soapenv="http://schemas.xmlsoap.org/soap/envelope/"><soapenv:Header/><soapenv:Body/></soapenv:Envelope>
```

> In Mac, we can save the request in a <strong>request.xml</strong> file and use netcat to send the TCP request. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Linux, we can save the request in a <strong>request.xml</strong> file and use Netcat to send the TCP request. 
```

```

> nc localhost 6061 < request.xml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
netcat localhost 6061 < request.xml
```

```xml
<soapenv:Envelope xmlns:soapenv="http://schemas.xmlsoap.org/soap/envelope/"><soapenv:Header/><soapenv:Body/></soapenv:Envelope>
```

> On Linux, you can save the request in a `request.xml` file and use Netcat to send the TCP request. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Linux, you can save the request in a `request.xml` file and use Netcat to send the TCP request. 
```

```xml
<soapenv:Envelope xmlns:soapenv="http://schemas.xmlsoap.org/soap/envelope/"><soapenv:Header/><soapenv:Body/></soapenv:Envelope>
```

> On macOS, you can save the request in a `request.xml` file and use Netcat to send the TCP request. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Linux, you can save the request in a `request.xml` file and use Netcat to send the TCP request. 
```

> In Mac, we can save the request in a <strong>request.xml</strong> file and use netcat to send the TCP request. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On macOS, you can save the request in a `request.xml` file and use Netcat to send the TCP request. 
```

```

> nc localhost 6061 < request.xml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
netcat localhost 6061 < request.xml
```

<soapenv:Envelope xmlns:soapenv="http://schemas.xmlsoap.org/soap/envelope/"><soapenv:Header/><soapenv:Body/></soapenv:Envelope>split<soapenv:Envelope xmlns:soapenv="http://schemas.xmlsoap.org/soap/envelope/"><soapenv:Header/><soapenv:Body/></soapenv:Envelope>
```

> In Mac, we can save the request in a <strong>request.xml</strong> file and use netcat to send the TCP request.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On macOS, you can save the request in a `request.xml` file and use Netcat to send the TCP request.
```
